# Assignment 1: Reading Response

## Autonomous Robots As Performing Agents by Karl Wurst and Robert McCartney

  The article touches upon the idea of how autonomous robots can be performing agents. As performing agents are there to entertain the audience; autonomous robots carry a similar job. However, what makes the autonomous robots special is that each robot "combine[s] techniques from artificial intelligence, robotics, and puppetry" to perform which are characteristics that set them apart from traditional performing agents (Wurst and McCartney 56). 
  The communication element seems to play an essential role in the autonomous robots whether it was among other performers themselves, the director, or the audience in general. I believe this is because interaction is a vital characteristic of autonomous robots and for it to be a successful interaction, proper communication should be available in its different forms.
  The use of the term performer for a Woggle instead of an actor is something worth mentioning. This is because the performers’ focus is often the audience and what reactions they make. While on the other hand, the actors’ focus is often primarily on the scene and the context of the material provided.
  The Woggles example demonstrated in the article proves how the term performer is much more fit for the Woggles rather than the term actor. As the writers mention “the Woggle choose their actions based on their internal emotional and physical states, their personalities, and interaction with each other” (Wurst and McCartney 57). In other words, they are meant to be social to entertain the audience the way human performers do.
